Update understanding gui tutorial (#570)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/understanding_gui/step_05/step_05.md

## A use case for NLP - Part 1

> The code for NLP is provided here; it doesn't concern Taipy but it will be used in Part 2 when we wrap a GUI around this NLP engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code for NLP is provided here, although it's not directly related to Taipy. It will come into play in Part 2 when we wrap a GUI around this NLP engine.
```

Before executing this step, you should have `pip install torch` and `pip install transformers`. 

> The model will be downloaded and used in this code snippet. Torch is for now only available for Python version between 3.8 and 3.10. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model will be downloaded and utilized in this code snippet. Note that Torch is currently only accessible for Python versions between 3.8 and 3.10.
```

> If you cannot install these packages, just return a dictionnary of random numbers for the `analyze_text(text)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter difficulties installing these packages, you can simply provide a dictionary of random numbers as the output for the `analyze_text(text)` function.
```
